README.md, before:

# Image Generator using OpenAI API

This is a simple image generator using [OpenAI API](https://openai.com/api/). you can generate images by entering short description of the image or by entering a keyword.

## Demo

### [https://sauravhathi.github.io/image-generator-using-openai-api/](https://sauravhathi.github.io/image-generator-using-openai-api/)

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/61316762/202867475-5f95d9f8-882b-411c-af58-1a4406fe4012.png)
### images generated by AI
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/61316762/202867487-65e9fda0-f24d-46e8-b95e-4f6b4cc29199.png)

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/61316762/202919273-86aa69e3-0a09-4161-bf31-a011ae0306a4.png)

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/61316762/202919277-94c5f69e-cce1-470f-ac00-ff29db71d6dc.png)

## How to use

- type a short description of the image or a keyword
- click on the generate button and wait 3-5 seconds for the images to load
- you will get 3 images generated by the API

## API Reference

[OpenAI API](https://openai.com/api/)

`Note:` Sign up for an API key and add it to the `api.js` file

## Run Locally

Clone the project

```bash
  git clone https://github.com/sauravhathi/image-generator-using-openai-api
```

Go to the project directory

1. Create api.js file in the root directory and add your API key

```javascript
  const api = "YOUR_API_KEY";
```

```bash
  cd image-generator-openai
```

Open `index.html` in your browser

## Authors

- [@sauravhathi](https://www.github.com/sauravhathi)

## License

[MIT](https://github.com/sauravhathi/image-generator-using-openai-api/blob/master/LICENSE)

Commit message:

added loading, image size, no of images, api key and bug fix

README.md, after:

# Image Generator using OpenAI API

This is a simple image generator using [OpenAI API](https://openai.com/api/). you can generate images by entering short description of the image or by entering a keyword.

## Demo

### [https://sauravhathi.github.io/image-generator-using-openai-api/](https://sauravhathi.github.io/image-generator-using-openai-api/)

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/61316762/202867475-5f95d9f8-882b-411c-af58-1a4406fe4012.png)
### images generated by AI
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/61316762/202867487-65e9fda0-f24d-46e8-b95e-4f6b4cc29199.png)

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/61316762/202919273-86aa69e3-0a09-4161-bf31-a011ae0306a4.png)

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/61316762/202919277-94c5f69e-cce1-470f-ac00-ff29db71d6dc.png)

## How to use

- Enter your OpenAI API key
- Enter a short description of the image or a keyword
- Select image size
- Select number of images
- Click on generate button
- Double click on the image to download it

## API Reference

[OpenAI API](https://openai.com/api/)

`Note:` Sign up for an API key and add it to the `api.js` file

## Run Locally

Clone the project

```bash
  git clone https://github.com/sauravhathi/image-generator-using-openai-api
```

Go to the project directory

1. Create api.js file in the root directory and add your API key

```javascript
  const api = "YOUR_API_KEY";
```

```bash
  cd image-generator-openai
```

Open `index.html` in your browser

## Authors

- [@sauravhathi](https://www.github.com/sauravhathi)

## License

[MIT](https://github.com/sauravhathi/image-generator-using-openai-api/blob/master/LICENSE)
